DOCS-5657 Handling Pop-Ups in Browser Tests Guide Edits (#18562)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/popup.md

title: Handling Pop-Ups In Browser Tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
  - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/browser-tests/'
    tag: 'Blog'
    text: 'User experience monitoring with Datadog Browser Tests'
  - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Learn about Synthetic browser tests'
---
## Overview

> This guide describes how to manage pop-ups such as modals or application windows in a Synthetics [browser test][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to manage pop-ups such as modals or application windows in a Synthetic [browser test][5].
```

## Modals

### JavaScript

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]:

 - `alert` modals are immediately dismissed for OK. 

>  - `prompt` modals are answered with the text returned or `null` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked. `prompt` modals that offer a text input field are filled with `Lorem Ipsum` for tests on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `prompt` modals are filled with `Lorem Ipsum` for tests on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge.
```

>  - `confirm` modals that ask for confirmation are answered with `true` for OK and `false` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `confirm` modals that ask for confirmation are accepted.
```

Synthetic browser tests automatically handle [JavaScript modals][1]:

>  - `alert` modals are closed. 

Author: ```suggestion
 - `alert` modals are immediately dismissed. 
```

>  - `prompt` modals are answered with the text returned or `null` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked.

Author: ```suggestion
 - `prompt` modals are answered with the text returned or `null` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked. `prompt` modals offer a text input field that is filled with `Lorem Ipsum` for tests on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge.
```

>  - `prompt` modals are answered with the text returned or `null` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked. `prompt` modals offer a text input field that is filled with `Lorem Ipsum` for tests on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge.

Author: ```suggestion
 - `prompt` modals are answered with the text returned or `null` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked. `prompt` modals that offer a text input field are filled with `Lorem Ipsum` for tests on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge.
```

>  - `confirm` modals are answered with `true` for OK and `false` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked.

Author: ```suggestion
 - `confirm` modals that ask for confirmation are answered with `true` for OK and `false` if the Cancel button or `Esc` is clicked.
```

[2]: /synthetics/browser_tests/#test-configuration
[3]: /synthetics/browser_tests/advanced_options/#optional-step
[4]: /synthetics/browser_tests/actions#test-your-ui-with-custom-javascript

> [5]: /synthetics/browser_test

Author: ```suggestion
[5]: /synthetics/browser_tests
```
